Update add-staff.md (#6550)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/bookings/add-staff.md

## Steps

> [!NOTE]

> > The steps are not yet available on the new bookings experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> These steps are not yet available in the new Bookings experience.
```
